Deprecation: #95800 - Deprecate generating public URL for private ass… (#71)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-SitePackage: Documentation/ExtensionConfiguration/Index.rst

==============

Not as important as the extension declaration file above, but every extension can
feature an icon using a svg file. This image should be located at
:file:`Resources/Public/Icons/Extension.svg`.

.. note::

>    PNG and GIF files are also allowed as Extensions icon. They are stored in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   PNG and GIF files are also allowed as extension icon. They should be stored in
```

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't that be "[if used...], they have to be stored in"? "Should" suggests that I could store them somewhere else, which isn't the case as far as I know,

Reviewer: Indeed, extension icons *must* be in `Public`, otherwise the simply won't work.

Author: If you use `helhum/typo3-secure-web` that is true. But for the time being they also work if they are in the original location. However I prefere to have them in Public, too....
